- [ambient forest noise]
- [dramatic music rising]
- [Wes] Come on. Hurry up.
- You don't gotta tell us to do nothing.
- [Wes] You're in our area. Don't forget.
- This ain't your area.
- [Wes] This is our area.
- It's not.
Back your ass up.
[intense drumbeat builds]
[tense music resumes]
[Morgan] Don't feed into it.
Let him try to be a big dog.
No. Who she-- She walked up on me!
- That's her spirit.
- Get your spirit on outside of here.
- Let's keep it moving.
- This ain't your beach! You realize that?
I can sit here all damn day if I want to.
I ain't talking to you.
I got my eye on this one.
It's just so frustrating when someone
knows how to get under your skin.
and I swore to myself that I wouldn't.
you know. react or even respond.
It's like a tactic of his.
It's a mental game.
But no… like.
nothing about that is intimidating.
Coming over here like somebody's
supposed to be scared or some shit.
She's 5'5"
trying to stare down a 6'7" man.
You know I'm not gonna touch you. but…
you gotta play it up.
I'm just glad that Morgan and Abby were
able to see what I've been dealing with.
Like. these people…
Like. Charlie. they're crazy.
They're actually psychos.
Let's walk this way. I want to check out
what's over here this way anyways.
[spits]
Enjoy those coconuts.
That's the last y'all get on this side.
We're gonna be stripping
all these coconuts.
- This is my home.
- [Wes] Yep.
[Morgan] Damn. what children. bro!
[Sarah] I'm trying to tell you guys.
- They're bullies.
- [Abby] Right.
[Sarah] Like. what was that?
Like. he's psycho.
[Abby] Sarah's already kind of told us
what's been going on over at Charlie Camp.
but seeing it firsthand.
I do not like the way
that they're treating people.
I don't like the way they're playing.
It's just something that. like.
puts a really bad taste in my mouth.
[Abby] He's taking all of them
down from the tree.
[Wes] Oh. my boy.
- They think they have anything on us.
- [Wes]Yeah!
- [Braxton] They don't.
- Yeah!
That's the last of their supply.
It's basically a camp
that's just bullying others.
and they're willing to break people down.
even on their own team.
Everything that just makes me…
makes me really angry.
I know we are planning to vote Sarah off
within the next couple days.
but this is going to be
a very hard decision
because I feel so bad
for how she was treated over there.
[Sarah] I'm just glad you guys
are able to see what I meant.
That was aggressive.
He was very aggressive.
[Morgan] Very aggressive.
I coulda chopped that dude's hand off!
They're gonna throw her to the dogs
before we know it.
- They're gonna see right through her.
- They gonna see.
[dynamic theme music building]
[thunder rumbling]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[theme music fades]
[ambient forest sounds rise]
[whistling call]
[light percussion music plays]
[whistling calls pick up]
[music fades]
[Maddy whispering] It smells like pig.
This is definitely. like…
the monster's lair.
It's really beat down with tracks in here.
Multiple trails.
I don't hear him. so I think he lost me.
I guess we'll turn back for now.
We're 15 days
without any real. substantial meal.
and unfortunately.
the hunting here is hard.
The woods are thick.
There's a lot of deep. dark underbrush.
It's really hard to get a good shot.
You gotta get close.
[Halle] Yo. yo! How was it?
[Maddy] I went up there
and I never saw anything.
Animals aren't coming around our camp.
There's a lot going on.
And all we've had to eat
is just. like. snails and coconuts.
We know it's here.
so that's some good intel.
I just kind of wore myself out
going after it.
As a hunter. I'm a provider at heart.
and when I see me
and my whole team suffering.
it weighs on me.
I want to help us.
you know. stay alive in this game.
- [Maddy] I hate coconut.
- Yeah.
Eating this much is ruining it for me.
[Ben] I did not get any sleep last night.
I'm very tired.
The bugs are driving me insane.
I look like I have a disease.
[Nikki] Your back is really bit up too.
[Maddy] Yeah. your back
is the worst of it.
The ones on my feet are the worst.
They're the only ones that itch.
[distant helicopter approaching]
[Nikki] Guys. do you hear that?
- [Sarah] What the hell?
- [Abby] What? Oh. my gosh.
[Sarah] Yo!
[energetic music playing]
- Helicopter. guys. Do you hear that?
- [Wes] We got a chopper.
- [Braxton] What does it look like?
- [Brett] Looks like a supply drop.
[Abby] It's carrying something big.
Look at it.
A supply drop!
- [Nikki] They haven't dropped it yet.
- [Maddy] There's a boat too.
[music fades]
[Wes] Look at it. It's hovering.
[Brett] No way. Another one?
[Wes] I see a boat.
I see helicopters. I see everything.
- [Braxton] They're dropping a note.
- [Wes] Let's go. Let's see what it is.
[Abby] There it is.
It dropped it in the grass over there.
[Brett] Let's see what they got.
- [Pharaoh] Here we go.
- [Abby] Let's see what we got. Ugh.
- This gives me so much nerves.
- [Nikki] I know.
I have anxiety.
[Leiya] A note.
"Teams. select
your two strongest swimmers."
Oof…
"Teams. select
your two strongest swimmers."
[Halle] It's gonna be a race.
- It seems like it.
- Yeah.
[narrator] After 15 exhausting days
in the jungle.
teams are being presented
with their latest survival opportunity.
- [Brett] Gonna have to be swimming a ways.
- Yeah. I know.
- [Brett] You're gonna need endurance.
- I got that.
Not me.
[narrator] Two drops.
one by air and one by water.
are distinctly different packages
with unique items inside.
These packages will be released
approximately 250 meters
away from the shoreline.
forcing each swimmer
to navigate unpredictable ocean currents.
and test their overall endurance
at a point in the game
where they've all had
very little caloric intake.
- Halle and Ben.
- Yeah.
- I think it's gonna be y'all.
- I think you guys are our best bet.
God. I wish I got some sleep last night.
- Cool.
- [Maddy] Let's go.
Guys! I did the 500
for the swim team in high school.
- Okay. Braxton and Leiya.
- [Brett] Yeah.
We got faith in y'all.
We know who's number one.
Who's number two?
- I'll go.
- [Abby] Want to go too?
All right! So me and you going?
Let's go. [laughs]
[Pharaoh] You guys are gonna kill it. man.
I am the best swimmer
out of the five people on my team.
At home. I'm really big
into scuba diving. freediving.
just being out in the ocean.
So. I knew that I was going
as soon as I saw that note.
Now. we've never seen Marshall swim.
but you seem pretty confident
in your skills.
so let's go for it.
There's two drops.
So there's three teams. so…
Somebody's gonna be assed-out.
All right. make a decision. Barrel or box?
[Abby] They're gonna go to the crate.
[Pharaoh] Yeah.
And Alpha has a direct line
to whatever is in this barrel here.
[Pharaoh] You should go for the barrel.
'Cause it's further.
it's probably a bigger prize.
If we both go for barrel.
Alpha's gonna be going for barrel too.
and no one's going for crate.
And then Charlie gets it for free.
[narrator] Whenever a new
survival opportunity presents itself.
every choice can be consequential.
[Pharaoh] This is where
we have to work together with them.
Ben!
Strategize. Maybe you can work together
and get the two.
[narrator] With no rules.
no clear directive.
and no knowledge
of what's inside each drop.
all strategies are in play.
Let's double-team.
take the crate from Charlie.
then we go to the no-contested barrel.
And whatever we get.
both teams split it down the middle.
Hopefully we get both.
[tense music playing]
[narrator] Although teams have been
reluctant to make deals in the game.
with valuable supplies
potentially on the line.
choosing to work with a known opponent
could be the difference
in gaining a clear advantage
or walking away with nothing.
- Let's do it.
- I think we do it.
- It's the best deal.
- Want to do it? Okay.
Ben. you go over there.
Here's the binoculars.
Sweet.
[Braxton] Definitely seems
like an alliance.
Little alliance goin' on.
[Wes] Oh. it dropped! It's in the water.
- [Morgan] Go. go. go. go. go!
- [Pharaoh] Go. go. go! Come on! Let's go!
- [Morgan] Let's go. guys!
- [Ben] We got this.
- [Brett] Let's go! Get it!
- [Wes] Go!
[Brett] Run. run!
Come on!
All right. We're ahead of it.
We're ahead of it.
Still shallow.
- We're running on sand.
- Braxton's there.
Braxton's a good swimmer. man. Oh my gosh.
- [Wes] Come on. Braxton's got this.
- [Brett] Yeah. Braxton definitely has it.
- [Pharaoh] There you go!
- Halle's more than halfway there. I think.
Come on. Abby. Come on! Swim!
[Abby] So I'm swimming out
to the crates with Ben.
and I'm going as fast as I possibly can
because I can see that Braxton and Leiya
are also going to the crates as well.
[Morgan] Damn. it's getting close.
I can see that it's a long. long distance
to these crates out into the ocean.
And if you're only living on hermit crabs
and a little bit of lizard.
it's pretty easy
to get steamed out pretty fast.
Keep going. Abby!
- They tired. They malnourished.
- Yeah!
[Wes] We got that broth
in our system. baby. Let's go!
- Come on. Leiya. You got this.
- Come on. Leiya. go!
- Halle's a good swimmer. They're on it.
- There you go! Swimming really nice.
[Sarah] Let's go. baby!
[Halle] Swimming out there. you realize
how fatigued you get so quickly.
You're just kicking.
You're trying to keep your head
above water. your body above water.
But despite all of that.
nothing was stopping me.
I was winning this for Team Alpha.
You're almost there. guys!
[Halle] My body's very used
to being pushed past its limits.
The athlete in me is screaming.
They already made it.
All right. they're both on that one.
Where's Braxton at?
[narrator] Although Braxton
from Team Charlie
seemed to have a significant lead.
he hasn't properly accounted
for the shifting ocean currents.
I don't know. Is that where it is?
I think he might be going
to the wrong place.
He is going to the wrong place. Shit!
[narrator] The crates have been pushed
nearly 30 meters east.
and Braxton has yet
to change his original course.
If Ben and Abby
reach the crates before Braxton.
then Alpha and Bravo will have claimed
all packages outright.
and Charlie will be left with nothing.
The crate's to the right! Look! It moved!
Braxton! To the right!
They're out.
They just gotta keep up their pace.
and they got this.
[Brett] Oh my gosh.
Them two people are right there.
[Wes] To the right!
- Come on. Leiya! You got it.
- [Brett] Braxton's running the wrong way.
- He needs to go towards it.
- [Wes] To the right. Brax!
[Brett] Turn. Braxton. turn!
- [Wes] To the right!
- [Brett] To the right!
[Braxton] I looked up. and the crate
was all the way to the right.
away from me
and closer to Bravo and Alpha.
And I knew at that point that I needed
to give it everything that I had.
or else I was not gonna get
to that crate first.
[panting]
- He sees it now. Look at him. He turned.
- Yeah. he going. Okay.
Looks like Bravo's heading towards him.
[Ben] My body is very depleted.
I do not have the energy reserves
to go super hard right now.
I just need to keep moving
in a way that will get me there.
and I'm not going to just burn out.
And then I saw Braxton.
so I feel like. "Okay. I'm a little bit
lightheaded. but I can go."
[Brett] Hey. they starting to swim.
Come on. Braxton.
- Come on. Brax!
- Come on!
- [Morgan] They're almost to it.
- It's actually getting close.
[Morgan] It's getting close.
[Pharaoh] He's getting tired.
He's stopping.
- Who?
- Braxton.
[Braxton] The current is taking this crate
straight towards Ben and Abby.
who are on my right.
and it definitely made me nervous.
They're right behind you.
Come on. Braxton!
[Braxton] But I knew in my heart
that I could still get there first
if I gave it everything I had.
[Pharaoh] Ben's got it.
He's almost there. Come on.
- [Morgan] Come on. That's so close.
- [Sarah] Let's go!
- [Brett] They're there. Come on. Braxton.
- Neck and neck!
It's so close. I can't even tell
by looking through these.
Not yet. not yet. Ah!
Come on. Oh. my gosh.
[suspenseful music playing]
[breathing heavily]
My box!
Let's go!
[narrator] With Charlie
reaching the crate first.
they lay claim to its contents outright.
Bring it home.
[narrator] But Alpha and Bravo
will be forced to split up
the contents of the barrel equally.
giving each team only half the spoils.
[Wes] Braxton got there first!
I know my boy when I see him.
The big fish!
Alpha and Bravo. they tried to make
some kind of alliance together.
They tried to make a move.
but that's not happening.
That crate is ours.
Yeah.
I actually enjoy that. because that means
the other team is intimidated.
They see us as a threat.
and that means we're the team to beat.
- [Wes] Here. grab that side.
- [Brett] It's some type of boat.
[Leiya] It is. A kayak.
- [Braxton] Oh my God.
- [Brett] Hell yeah!
[Wes] Yeah.
[Ben] Oars.
- Shoot. They have the raft to the oars?
- [Morgan] They got the raft. We got oars.
[Ben] And what's that?
- [Pharaoh] Oh snap!
- [Ben] Holy shit. dude.
[Marshall] Some weights for fishing.
- [Morgan] That a crab trap?
- What do you mean?
- [Marshall] This one has goggles too.
- [Abby] Sweet.
As far as the swim.
that was a little bit of a bummer.
We were not able to beat Charlie.
but when I saw what was in the barrel.
I was pretty relieved.
'cause we have a lot of gear here
to go out there
and actually bring back some food.
[Ben] What's that?
- Oh. it's like a…
- [Abby] Oh. it's a trap?
- A shrimp trap. or fish trap.
- It smells like rum in these barrels.
- Yeah. it does.
- [Sarah] I'm so proud of you guys.
I'm sitting there watching. watching.
and I see literally every single one
of Charlie on that beach
looking at their haul.
when I realize no one is looking at me.
I'm like. "Uh. light bulb!"
- [Morgan] Can I see what was in that bag?
- [Ben] This is fishing line.
At the end of the day. they shouldn't
leave their camp unattended.
Sorry. not sorry.
- [Ben] There's only one mask. though?
- I believe so.
- There's two. I got one on my head too.
- [Marshall] Good.
We'll each take a paddle.
just for shits and giggles?
- [Pharaoh] Each take a paddle.
- Yeah.
[Braxton] Shit.
All of the team players
are not on the beach.
I don't see Sarah here.
[Brett] I don't see Sarah
and a couple other people here.
I'm kind of spooked about
leaving our camp unattended.
[Braxton] Should I go check on camp?
- [Brett] You could.
- I don't like leaving camp unattended.
[Brett] Run. boy. run.
[Pharaoh] Why is Braxton running?
[tense drumbeat playing]
Okay.
[drumbeat stops]
I know not everybody on the game board
is out on the beach right now.
so somebody could have definitely
been here messing with our stuff.
And all I see is one machete.
All right. now we back. let's go.
I think we're missing two machetes.
- [Leiya] Are you serious?
- [Braxton] Yeah.
- [bleep]
- What is it?
[Wes] We down two machetes.
[Brett] Ooh-wee.
- So they got two machetes?
- [Wes] Yes.
[Brett groans]
[Braxton] Sarah would have a reason
to steal from our camp.
[suspenseful music playing]
[breathing deeply]
Look. I didn't want to play like this.
But as my mom always said.
"If someone hits you. hit them harder."
[Wes] When we talk about
not wanting to play dirty.
all that stuff is out the window now.
They don't care if you're a good person.
They will steal from you.
This is wartime tactics.
[Braxton] Our one rule
is to never leave camp
when we know that
Sarah is out to get us right now.
Yeah. you're right. You're right.
[Sarah] You know. they voted me off.
Could have been that. That was that. But…
You don't get to just
push someone around. bully them.
I don't mess with that. I had to give them
a taste of their own medicine.
All that hee-hee. buddy-buddy shit
is out the window. right?
[bleep]
[Sarah] Mission accomplished.
[narrator] Back at the beach.
teams Alpha and Bravo
evenly distribute
their newly acquired fishing supplies.
There's five big hooks
and five little hooks. so…
[Ben] Dealer's choice.
[narrator] Alpha will take one fish trap.
a crab trap. a buoy. a diving mask.
some fishing line with hooks and bobbers.
one set of paddles. plus a spear tip.
- [Ben] Oh. hell yeah.
- [Morgan] What is that?
[Ben] It's a spear tip.
I don't see a spear. though.
[narrator] Bravo will take
the other fish trap and crab trap.
a buoy of their own.
the other diving mask.
the rest of the lines. hooks. and bobbers.
the other set of paddles.
plus the cast net.
Yo. I'm excited to play with the toys.
[Marshall] Me too. I'm interested
to see how this stuff does.
[Ben] I'm looking forward to some fish.
[Marshall] Oh. it's gonna be amazing.
[narrator] On San Jose Island.
fishing gear will inevitably prove
to be a useful resource.
The waters surrounding the island
are rich with mackerel. speckled trout.
and red snapper. which. if caught.
will provide valuable nutrients
for either team.
[Marshall] Even though
we didn't take down Charlie.
making that alliance with Alpha
and then splitting the pot worked out.
With all of the fishing gear that we got.
that's gonna be huge if we can capitalize
on getting a surplus of food every day.
[Morgan] Sarah.
you just. like. disappeared.
[Sarah] So. when we were all on the beach.
I was watching you guys.
and I noticed. like. everyone was there.
And I went on a little recon mission
to Camp Charlie.
You went?
- [Morgan] You went? No way!
- What'd you get?
No way. Sarah!
[Sarah] Stay right here. my friends.
Some may call me Robin Hood.
[Sarah exclaiming]
[Morgan] No way!
This one's ours. Not one.
- Not two.
- [laughing] Oh my gosh.
The sawhead one!
[cackling excitedly]
I am just amazed by Sarah.
- Sarah. you dog!
- [Sarah] Yeah.
[Abby] Moving forward for Charlie.
and with only one machete.
it's gonna be very difficult
to make primitive material.
And now that Sarah has pulled this move.
it kind of makes me rethink
whether or not we should keep her.
Because we have been getting to know her.
You can tell she's been through a lot
and really wants to be in this game.
And even if the move was
a little bit of revenge on her part.
it still benefited Bravo team.
- Group hug?
- Group hug! Let's go!
[Abby] That's amazing!
And I'm sorry. I know if we saw
an opening. we said we'd take it.
- I'm sorry that I went there.
- [Abby] That was the greatest.
- I just had to do it. Revenge. baby.
- Good!
Ahh!
Let's go!
[pensive music playing]
[Pharaoh] When Sarah came back
and stole all those machetes.
and everybody cheered.
it just kind of told me
where everybody's head is at.
It seems like they may want
to keep her around.
They're about to retaliate.
We gotta make sure they don't take stuff.
Like. at all times.
someone needs to be at camp.
- Right. Yeah.
- [Sarah] Know what I'm saying?
Voting Sarah off.
it's not exactly comfortable.
but this is. again.
something that we had agreed on as a team.
So this is something that
we're gonna have to follow through on.
Bravo!
[Abby] That was brilliant.
[serene music playing]
[wind whistling]
- [Ben] I would like to eat fish tonight.
- [Maddy] I'd really like to get some food.
I'm so hungry.
[Ben] I'm gonna make a spear gun.
and I'm gonna go out
and shoot us some food.
[Halle] I need protein. like.
extremely soon. or I'm just gonna crash.
[narrator] With their surplus
of fishing supplies.
Ben is choosing to forego
the traditional methods
of using lines and hooks.
and is instead opting to create
a makeshift spear gun
out of a bamboo stick. the spear tip.
and supplies from around the camp.
Guys. I can fashion this into a sling.
I've been spearfishing since I was 13.
big into freediving and spearfishing.
It's been a while
since I've been able to do it regularly.
but now that we've got the gear to do it.
I'm excited to get back out.
Yeah. that'll work.
This thing will absolutely get me a fish.
I could light something up. dude.
Ooh. Yeah.
Cool. Ben.
you're gonna start going fishing?
- All right.
- You're gonna go get us some food.
- This looks sick. though.
- Cool.
This is the most legit-looking
pole spear ever.
[Maddy] Well. let's just see
how this thing works.
I dig this.
I would hang this up on my wall.
- This thing looks sick.
- [Nikki] We get it. We're just hungry.
I think it's fair to say
that Ben definitely likes to be the man.
I shit you not.
I read a bushcrafting book.
and that is. like.
the picture in the book.
He's on a team of all females.
He has a little bit
of an ego to fill. right?
Hold on. guys. Give me…
Like. glaze me a little bit here. please.
I just want a fish.
Hold on. wait. Let me flex my abs.
[Nikki] Ben. please shut up.
[laughing]
He wants to… make it known
that this is what he did for our team.
[Halle] But also. if you want me
to go. like. tomorrow.
Yeah. I just…
I really don't want to share it.
I'm just afraid that you're gonna.
like. hit something and lose the point.
[Maddy] I know how to fish.
but I think we all feel a little stifled
by Ben's dominant male energy.
[Ben] All right.
I'll see you guys in a bit.
Get ready to eat some fish!
So. with this spearfishing gun.
we'll see how it goes.
[Ben] This looks kind of badass. dude.
This worked out really well.
[Halle] I hope you get something.
His contraption looked pretty cool.
but we're all hungry.
So. yeah. getting some food.
getting some protein is gonna be huge.
[percussion music playing]
[Wes] What did we all learn. class?
Top two rules.
Don't leave camp. Trust nobody.
[Brett] They got us once.
It will not happen again.
I don't know exactly when
I'm gonna give them some payback.
or what time.
but whenever the time is perfectly right…
Oh. they think they did some damage.
I'm gonna show them what damage is.
We might not even have to do nothing.
They might all get sick and die.
You know. or choke on some crabs and die.
[Wes] Buddy. come on now.
It's all good. man.
[narrator] As the men of Charlie
strategize on how to get even.
Leiya's focusing all her attention
on the game's most unique resource.
an origami kayak.
[Leiya] It's such a weird kayak.
[narrator] The kayak can be used
to navigate deeper waters for fishing
or explore unknown parts
of the game board.
providing Charlie
with enormous value moving forward.
[Leiya] This is the first time
I've ever put one of these together.
My dad always says
the first thing to do is
follow the user manual.
but in a survival situation.
I guess we don't have that luxury.
I originally grew up
from a tropical island of Taiwan
called Penghu.
At an early age.
I was a straight-A student.
and being a mixed Asian and white child.
I did not have any friends growing up.
mainly being kind of an outcast.
So one of the reasons I came here
is to work on my social muscles
because in this game.
you need to win as a team.
and so I saw a great opportunity
to work on that in a survival situation.
But ever since
how I saw they kicked out Sarah.
the one thing that
I've been battling with is.
"Do I put my ego and pride aside
and continue playing the role of somebody
a little bit more agreeable and submissive
in order to get to the finish line?"
This will probably help you fish too.
I have some bucket fish
I really want to catch from here.
And then there's like two.
like a front seat and a back seat.
Yeah. there's two seats on this.
[Braxton] I like Leiya. and I think
that she adds a lot to the table.
but she is very worried.
She thinks that us guys
might eventually turn on her.
As of now. we're giving her
the benefit of the doubt.
However. she came into this game
as a loner.
and she does not like letting people in.
She's kind of away from our group.
and there's a little bit
of mistrust going on.
and I think that
the whole team can feel it.
I have the concept down. Now why is it…
[sighs] There we go.
[Braxton] So we're gonna
hold on to her for as long as we can.
but if she is not really willing to accept
kind of like the full team spirit.
then I can tell you she might
not make it to the end of this game.
[narrator] While the other teams
are yet to unlock the full potential
of their new resources.
the shrimp trap that Team Bravo
set earlier this morning
is already proving to be useful.
[Abby] Oh my gosh.
It's already been set up for a few hours.
and it already has. like.
20-some shrimp in there.
Big ones. small ones.
maybe a few more hours.
and we'll have. like. 50 shrimp.
Though it won't bring in bigger game fish.
if it continues to catch shrimp.
it does provide
a consistent source of protein
while exerting minimal effort.
[Sarah] I'm gonna bring more firewood.
There's never enough firewood. right?
[Morgan] Yeah. there's never enough.
[Sarah] You guys.
does it matter. like. the size?
- [Morgan] No. girl. whatever works.
- [Sarah] Sounds good.
Now that Sarah's gone for a little bit.
we should have a little discussion.
Yep. Are we keeping her
or are we letting her go?
[light drums rise and fade]
[light percussion music plays]
I know you guys probably
liked the move that she made.
but she did it without any of us knowing.
So for me. it has a lot to do with trust.
Can you guys fully trust her or not?
I do worry about. like. Team Charlie's…
feelings towards us.
I'll tell you what.
Team Charlie's a lot angrier now.
Yeah. but she has done a lot of work.
She's got a lot of sticks.
I'm still 50-50 on it.
I feel like she earned a spot on the team.
- But also…
- But also we said we would boot her.
- Right.
- I'm a little bit torn.
What about you?
I've realized that decisions can change
very. very fast in this game.
And at the beginning.
when we were coming up with the plan.
we told ourselves
that we can't get attached to this person.
But it's hard making good gameplay moves
in here when dealing with real people.
I will stick with majority rules.
but I think that she has earned a place
on this team.
She's a very hard worker.
She is a very. very sweet person.
And it really became clear
that she is so grateful
and so willing to be here at Bravo.
and work really hard
to get Bravo to the end.
And she is a cool person.
- She is a very cool person.
- [Abby] She is.
- [Marshall] She is funny.
- Mm-hmm.
- [Morgan] I say yes.
- [Abby] Okay. yeah. I vote yes.
Marsh?
I'm okay with it.
There's no ill will from me.
All right. so then that's it.
It's decided.
As far as Sarah being on the team.
we'll see what happens.
I can tell that Sarah's personality
is a little bit unpredictable
and one that makes me
a little bit nervous.
and also one that I question
taking towards the very end of this game.
This game. as it moves along.
is gonna get very tough.
And I'm extremely…
ruthless when it comes to competition.
Dealing with people. I like to look at it
as dealing with a dangerous animal.
like a crocodile or green vine snake.
And I'd trust a reptile long before
I would trust any stranger off the street
because I know exactly
what to expect from the animal.
I have no clue what to expect
from a person who I've never met before.
[calm ambient music playing]
[chirping]
[darkly somber music playing]
So I'm trying to make
a primitive fish trap.
And Buddy is helping me with the machete.
We collected some sticks from the mangrove
so that I would tie
each individual stick onto these.
You do the hard work up front.
and then you just kind of cruise
after that once the trap is made.
Here you go. Look. see. they have
this piece how you was wantin' 'em.
And then the longer pieces right there.
That work?
- [Leiya] Yeah. that might work.
- [fluttering lips]
One thing I learned
about Leiya in the first day
is that she has a very hard time
communicating with people.
[Leiya] Guess what?
Could you cut something else?
[Brett] What? The ones I just cut
aren't good or something?
[Leiya] No. I need more.
Here's a machete.
- Thank you. Buddy.
- [Brett groans]
[Brett] You can tell
she's used to being by herself
and don't really talk to people.
It almost comes across like
she's a mom telling you what to do.
I don't need a mom.
I don't need no babysitter.
I got a mama back at home
that loves me dearly
back in Pearl River. Louisiana.
And I don't need no damn mama
out here on the beach.
- [Wes] Where she at?
- [Brett] Setting her trap.
[Wes] Okay.
[Brett] Ever since this morning. she's…
I guess. in a hurry to prove herself.
[Braxton] You get all the pieces. Buddy?
[Brett] She don't even know
how to use a machete.
I mean. she's really honestly useless.
Man. she'd mess up a wet dream.
[Leiya] I literally could hear
all this conversation.
- You want me to be honest with you?
- Huh?
[Leiya] I feel like a lot of you guys
have been mocking me
about my abilities out here.
[Brett] Wasn't making fun of you.
Just joking.
[Leiya] I know. but I'm trying.
and it's just…
[Brett] L. we're sorry. We're sorry.
I was literally joking.
calling Braxton a bitch
because he was limping on his foot
and is burnt to hell.
It hurts my feelings
when you say stuff like that to me too.
[Brett] I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Please don't do that anymore.
[tense music builds]
- Braxton. I didn't appreciate that either.
- [Brett] What did Braxton say?
- You were mocking me in front of--
- That was a funny joke.
You're gonna have to take jokes.
I'm sorry.
[Brett] Like. we do not take
shit to heart like that.
I truly believe
that I am an asset on this team.
I've taught people
so many things that I know.
The shelter looks the way it does
because I came up with that.
The raised-bed ideas with the bamboo.
that was me.
And also trying to start the fire
with the binoculars.
that was literally my idea.
I just don't want you guys to keep
poking at me about my abilities.
- It hurts my morale out here.
- He wasn't really--
We ain't gonna have no negativity tonight.
She's spoken her piece.
We say she said okay. and then we move on.
[Leiya] I thought that just giving them
all the knowledge that I have
was gonna make us stronger as a team.
but it's clear to me
my teammates don't care.
You guys clearly
don't really have a lot of empathy.
- And it's just like…
- We said that's great.
I'm trying to be nice.
trying to hear you out.
and I'm trying to be sympathetic.
but you're crying over a simple joke.
You guys could totally just out of nowhere
just vote me out if you guys wanted to.
And I'm trying to provide value.
but I'm constantly getting beat down.
- How are we constantly…
- It's so tough out here.
I don't want to tough it out
for two months just…
just at the end be like.
"All right. bye."
Like. that's the root of it.
I hate to tell you. but that's
what the [bleep] you signed up for.
You knew what you were
getting yourself into!
Yeah. actually. I thought
people would be a lot more kinder.
[Braxton] With Leiya. I'm doing my best.
However. the one thing that I cannot stand
is somebody who is an energy leech.
somebody who is negative and complains
and kind of brings the vibe down.
Leiya has been very much that.
and honestly.
it might be time for her to go.
You crying over a joke
is starting to piss me off.
I'm actually not crying. I'm extremely
uncomfortable. and then tears just fall.
[Braxton] But when there's
a million dollars on the line.
we need to be strategic.
We are gonna wait for the right time
to get rid of her with a reason.
and also get something out of it.
[Leiya] Actually.
living out here is pretty tough.
and. um. having to be
around people that aren't…
what you usually are used to.
that can be a lot for people.
I have so much more clarity.
A lot of the things that I worried about
was my intuition telling me
what exactly I know is going on.
At the end of the day.
I know that on Team Charlie.
they're gonna be voting people out.
and I'm not gonna be here
to starve and be tired
just to get voted out
for their own selfish reasons.
So it would be smart of me
to maybe look at other options.
[music fades]
[slow percussion music plays]
[Ben] Well. I can see some fish in here.
He's right underneath
this undercut rock right here.
I can see him.
Ah! Shit. missed him.
Oh. that was a big one.
That was a big one.
[Halle] I don't know what he's doing.
He's still out there.
I can't see him.
I don't know where he went.
He's like way. way. way around the corner.
I just don't want him to overexert himself
and be exhausted. 'cause…
that's gonna be no help.
[narrator] After spending
most of the afternoon in the water.
Ben is yet to spear any fish.
What a pain in my ass.
This thing's dog shit.
[narrator] Possibly a slight adjustment
to his spearfishing rig
will change his luck.
Otherwise. he'll have burned
valuable calories
with little to show for it.
and Alpha will go another night
without a true meal.
He's so far around the corner.
I think I'm gonna run this stuff up
and then come back down.
I don't want to leave this unattended.
And then see if I can maybe go further
and get eyes on him
and see if he needs help.
Ben going out and swimming all day today.
trying to spearfish isn't smart.
Everything we get. every supply we get.
we have to be very strategic.
and it is a little bit frustrating
because everyone's hungry.
everyone's struggling.
If we have another day
without eating anything.
that's gonna be pretty brutal.
Hi! What up?
Bro. I don't know what's going on.
He's been in the water.
like. this entire time.
I haven't been able to see him.
He went all the way around the corner.
- He's just. like. so determined.
- Yeah.
[thunder rumbling]
Whoa. what the [bleep]. man?
So I was out there for quite a bit.
Um. I broke my spear.
There's a lot of fish out there.
a lot of potential.
But definitely today was
burning a lot of calories
without bringing anything back in for it.
Dude. wish I had
a fish in my hand right now.
Damn it. So many opportunities.
What's up. ladies?
I think it's probably gonna be
a wet cuddle puddle tonight. huh?
[Nikki] Yep.
[Maddy] So. Ben. I guess
my first question is how was spearfishing?
[Ben] Spearfishing was good.
I ran into a moray.
I ran into a pufferfish.
Problem is. then I snapped the… the thing.
- So…
- The what?
The… the spear itself.
Like. the bamboo snapped.
[thunder rumbling]
[Maddy] I think it's hard because
Ben is trying to provide for our team.
But his dominant energy
can overpower the group
and make other members
of the team feel like
they have to kind of just
sit on the sidelines
and maybe it's not their turn.
I know what I'm doing.
I know where the fish are.
I have an idea of what's out there.
I feel confident I could get some fish.
It was a fruitful day for information.
not for calories.
Yep.
Here we are in the game. and we're really
no better off than when we started.
So we're kind of wondering. like.
is our leader holding us back?
And maybe somebody else should step up
to the plate and lead Team Alpha.
[narrator] As the game progresses.
so does the rainfall.
During the height of monsoon season.
rainfall off the coast of Panama can reach
levels of up to 13 inches per month.
[Marshall] Well. this rain sucks.
[Pharaoh] Yep.
[narrator] This means each team's survival
will become more difficult
with every passing day.
[Braxton] Charlie!
We are dry out in this bitch.
We're only just getting started out here.
[Wes] We got Leiya.
Want to say anything. Leiya?
[Leiya] I'm good.
[narrator] Although the shelter
at Charlie Camp is protecting them
from the harsh Panamanian weather.
dissent within their team
is proving to be an even bigger challenge.
[whistling wind fades]
[birds chirping and singing]
[gloomy music playing]
[Leiya] I woke up today.
and I noticed myself being exhausted
psychologically. mentally. emotionally.
And to be honest. I don't feel
like I could pretend anymore.
I've been seeing through
every single person's facade in this team.
They will continue to chip away
at my value and spirits
until they vote me off and split the money
between just the three of them.
I think that's
an Alpha person right there.
When the opportunity comes.
you gotta take it.
The past few days.
the answer has been pretty clear to me
that I need to leave Charlie.
- Hi! Going for a swim?
- [Nikki] Hi.
[sighs] Begrudgingly. yeah.
- I'm Nikki. by the way.
- Nikki. I'm Leiya. I'm from Charlie.
Yeah. How's that going?
So. right now. I'm the only female
that's left over there.
I was maybe hoping
to meet some of your teammates.
Oh…
- Got it.
- Yeah.
Yeah! Well. here. You can come meet us.
but it's gonna be a little of a trek.
- [Leiya] All right. Cool. Awesome.
- Yeah.
I am fully capable… of so much more.
and I definitely still plan
on winning this game.
but only the right way
with the right people.
- [Nikki] Howdy. howdy.
- Hi. How are you guys?
[Maddy] Good. How are you?
[Leiya] Good! Nice to finally
make it over here. honestly.
[Maddy] I know. We're far away.
[Halle] I haven't met
hardly anybody on Charlie.
I have no idea what's going on.
- [Leiya] Yeah.
- [Nikki] Yeah. How is that going?
- Now. it's three guys over there. me.
- Yeah.
I know a lot about primitive skills.
but every time I try to do something.
I get talked down to or doubted.
Yeah.
That's not fun to be on a team
where you feel you can't be yourself.
It's messed up. It's real messed up.
Leiya seems smart.
and all the knowledge she claims to have.
and what she claims to bring to Charlie.
and the value she claims to bring…
With everything she's been through…
I feel bad for her.
At the end of the day. there's no need
for us to leave this experience
feeling worse than how we came in.
- Yeah.
- [Maddy] Agreed.
[Nikki] I think we're all
on the same page.
We're not okay with Charlie's behavior.
with the things they've been doing.
Everything I hear about them
continues to reaffirm the fact
that they are just… nasty. two-faced men.
- [Nikki] Ben!
- Hey. guys!
- Ben. this is Leiya.
- Hi.
[Ben] Hi. Leiya. Thanks for coming by.
[Maddy] I think it's fair to say
she's not comfortable over at Charlie.
the way things are being ran.
What was the toughest part is being
around people that just want control.
and it does worry me that I'm going
to be voted off just for more money.
- So are you looking to like switch teams?
- [Leiya] Potentially.
I definitely have to kind of
start looking out for myself.
Like. if their goal is to vote me off
at the very end.
then I'd like to get out of there.
Wow.
Are you guys open to taking somebody else?
It's definitely something
that I think we're open to.
I know how you guys kinda get blocked off
over here when the tides roll in.
- Yeah. yeah.
- And I think a boat would be convenient.
Do you know what I'm saying?
I could potentially. if there's a spot…
[Maddy] Bring the boat?
Mm-hmm.
Interesting.
[Nikki] I think a boat
has unforeseen value in this game.
and we have no idea the potential
that it has as a game changer.
All right. Just think about
kind of what I mentioned here.
- Yeah.
- [Ben] Sure.
- Enjoy.
- Sounds good.
- Good luck.
- Be safe.
- [Leiya] Bye.
But with Leiya. we don't know…
how she would mesh with the team.
So throwing in another player
at this point in time.
is it too much of a risk?
[pensive music plays]
I don't know.
[pensive music fades]
[somber music plays]
[music fades]
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-